Hi, my name is Sarah and welcome to a day
in the life of a software engineer, come
on in.
So, I woke up at 5 today, I already got
my workout in, I took care of my fur kids
and gave them a little love, but I
officially can't start my workday without
a cup of coffee, so I make a cup of coffee.
A software engineer develops software for
multiple companies.
I have been working at my company for
about 5 years, but I have been coding for
a little over a decade .My usual schedule
is 8 to 4 and it is kind of nice to be
able to take a break here and there to do
anything that I need to around the house
or go to a store if I need to .So, the
tasks that I perform on a daily basis
include updating my code if somebody
requested a change that I make, sometimes
I spend a lot of time replying to emails
if that is necessary, I check in on my
interns to see if they need any help with anything.
My desk setup consists of two external
monitors and one is for code, one is for
seeing my changes and then my computer
for emails and different terminal things.
Yo también tengo un espacio divertido
donde me pongo mis cartas de cumpleaños y
un montón de maestros y computadoras.
La primera cosa que voy a hacer en cuanto
a la codificación es asegurarme de que lo
que he construido funcione.
Esto puede tomarse entre 30 minutos y una
hora, dependiendo de lo que estoy tomando.
Ahora mismo, mis lenguajes principales
incluyen Java, HTML y CSS, pero yo creo
que lo más divertido en escribir algo
basado en JavaScript es Node .js, así que
yo personalmente uso Sublime, creo que es
muy fácil de usar y es muy fácil de usar.
Es muy difícil escribir código por
primera vez y estar bien, así que también
vas a encontrar un error o alguien dirá
que no está funcionando de la manera que
esperabas y también tendrás que estar
bien con eso.
La primera cosa que he codificado hoy fue
el botón de eliminación, así que puedes
ver el código aquí y esta página se
representa en esta página como la UI, o
la frente, y puedes ver que cada carta
tiene un botón de eliminación.
Así que ahora, si pones el botón de
eliminación, el código eliminará esa
carta específica y ahora no hay colecciones.